# Wild Circus V1

## Create a website for the “Wild Circus” troupe  

Create a website for the “Wild Circus” troupe, a fictional, internationally renowned circus company. Your task is to design and build a website for the company. You will need to use HTML, CSS and CodePen (online code editor) to create the website.

Whilst completing the technical challenge, you are also encouraged to be creative and use your imagination so that the public will flock to the “Wild Circus” shows.

**To help you, we have provided you with an [HTML template that represents the skeleton of the Wild Circus page](https://codepen.io/wildcodeschool/pen/MvLboJ?q=wild+circus&limit=all&type=type-pens). Before you start coding, create a copy of this template by making a fork (button on the top right of the codepen interface)**. Otherwise, you may lose all your work and we won‘t be able to retrieve it. Comments included within the page skeleton will prompt you as to which blocks to fill in, as well as provide important information about what you have to create. The comments are easy to spot because they all follow the same convention, for example:  

``` <!-- TODO: do something --!>```

The CSS section is completely blank. It‘s up to you to customise your Wild Circus. Be creative, but don‘t forget that we are not interested in your design skills here, but more specifically in your ability to learn how to write CSS. You don‘t have to add any JavaScript, but if you want to wow us, you are welcome to give it a try.  

**In the footer of the Wild Circus page, insert the links to your France.ioi and SoloLearn public page, so that we can review the work you have done. Make sure you change 'your.name' in the URL to your Codecademy username.**

Once you’ve finished, don’t forget to post the CodePen URL by clicking on the “Submit a Solution” button which can be accessed in the "Challenge" section of this quest. **The website that you create forms the basis of your application to Wild Code School, so show us what you are really capable of!**

## Validation criteria

- Menu links should allow us to navigate to the relevant sections on the page.
- You must make use of a list (‘ul’ and ‘li’) as part of the requirements.
- Performances (“laugh”, “dream,” marvel at”) must be on the same line without the bullet generated by the ‘li’ tag.
- There is a table showing the different prices.
- There is a contact form with explicit labels and input elements.
- In the footer, there is a link to the Wild Code School website, as well as links to your Codecademy and SoloLearn public profiles.
- The “Amatic SC” font has been used for all titles and menu items.
- The page is correctly structured according to HTML best practices and the code passes the CodePen HTML validator.
- The page styling follows CSS best practices to create a visually appealing, consistent website and the code passes the CodePen CSS validator.
- All site content is in English.
- The website source code is available on CodePen.
